Various updates to the docs for 23.06 release (#1538)
rapidsai/raft: docs/source/cpp_api/core_resources.rst

   :class: highlight

All resources which are specific to a computing environment like host or device are contained within, and managed by,

> `raft::resources`. This design simplifies the APIs and eases user burden by making them opaque by default but allowing customization based on user preference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`raft::resources`. This design simplifies the APIs and eases user burden by making the APIs opaque by default but allowing customization based on user preference.
```

Device Resources
----------------

> `raft::device_resources` is a convenience over using `raft::resources` directly. It provides accessor methods to retrieve things like the CUDA stream, stream pool, and handles to the various CUDA math libraries like cuBLAS and cuSOLVER. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`raft::device_resources` is a convenience over using `raft::resources` directly. It provides accessor methods to retrieve resources such as the CUDA stream, stream pool, and handles to the various CUDA math libraries like cuBLAS and cuSOLVER. 
```
